Update the contact page (#12)
4C-multiphysics/website: contact.md

---
title: Contact
layout: contact
description: Contact
permalink: "/contact/"
---

> Welcome to our open-source project! We encourage collaboration and value contributions from the community. For any questions, suggestions, or to report issues, please feel free to open an [Issue](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C/issues) or start a [Discussion](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C/discussions) on our [4C GitHub repository](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C).

Reviewer: I don't see the need to repeat the welcome message:

```suggestion
You can reach the 4C development team through the [4C GitHub repository](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C).

- For any questions, suggestions, or to report issues, please feel free to open an [Issue](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C/issues) or start a [Discussion](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C/discussions).
- For other inquiries, please reach out to one of the 4C Maintainers directly. 
```

I don't have link to the group of maintainers at hand, but it should be inserted into the last sentence.

Author: Even though I like the suggestion, it is technically not possible to see the members of the team 4C maintainers if you are not already part of the organization. So this, unfortunately, does not help.
